(A playground looks familiar somehow)
(Robot ViVi is warming up)
(It’s been a while since she filmed a running scene!)
(ViVi is faster than we expected)
‘She’s faster than before!’
‘ViVI~ do not run away~’
(After filming a running scene, she is taking a pose for the image cut!)
Chuu: It’s mine
ViVi: Eat together, please~
Chuu: NO~
(Olivia Hye & Go Won sudden'y came here to eat a snack together!)
Olivia Hye: We four are done filming
(However, Yves still have the filming left!)
Olivia Hye: Anyway, our first day filming is done~
Chuu: The end!
Olivia Hye: Thank you for your effort!
ViVI: Thanks a lot!
(Please looking forward to LOOΠΔ TV for the second day filming!)